################################################################################
# Base Code
################################################################################

Copyright (C) 2011 Crown Copyright (Government Digital Service)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

################################################################################
# Unboxed Additions
################################################################################

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Unboxed Consulting

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


################################################################################
# Additional items
################################################################################

Various other items in this repository are under a different License. Please
see their individual licenses for more information.

# Ansible Package

vendor/os-packages/ansible_1.9.1-1ppa~trusty_all.deb is released under the GNU
GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE version 3. See
https://github.com/ansible/ansible/commit/8914a1a0d737b07c5a0c378e8dc3ab9620b43b
3d#diff-7116ef0705885343c9e1b2171a06be0e for more information

# Ansible-Apt Role

The ansible/vendor_roles/ansible-apt code is BSD License Copyright 2014 yetu
See ansible/vendor_roles/ansible-apt/LICENSE.md for more details

# Ansible-SSH-Server Role

The ansible/vendor_roles/ansible-ssh-server code is MIT Licence Copyright
Unboxed Consulting 2015. See ansible/vendor_roles/ansible-ssh-server/LICENSE
for more details.

# Respo.NTP role

The ansible/vendor_roles/resmo.ntp code is BSD License Copyright Benno Joy and
Ren√© Moser. See ansible/vendor_roles/resmo.ntp/README.md for more details.

# Unboxed.pumacorn role

The ansible/vendor_roles/unboxed.pumacorn code is MIT License Copyright Nick
Janetakis (nickjj) and Unboxed Consulting. See
https://github.com/unboxed/ansible-pumacorn/blob/master/meta/main.yml for
more details.

# Profile Tasks Ansible Plugin

The profile tasks Ansible plugin is copyright Jharrod LaFon. See
ansible/callback_plugins/profile_tasks.py for the full copyright of that item.
